Document systemcrypto, requirefips (#970)
microsoft/go: eng/doc/fips/README.md

| Build-time config | Runtime config | Internal Microsoft crypto policy | FIPS behavior |
| --- | --- | --- | --- |
| Default | Default | Not compliant | Crypto usage is not FIPS compliant. |
| `GOEXPERIMENT=systemcrypto` | Default | Compliant | Can be used to create a compliant app. FIPS mode is automatically enabled if it is configured systemwide or if `GOFIPS` is enabled at some point in the future. Flexible. |
| `GOEXPERIMENT=systemcrypto` | `GOFIPS=1` | Compliant | Can be used to create a compliant app. The app either enables FIPS mode or ensures it is already enabled. Otherwise, the app panics. |
| `GOEXPERIMENT=systemcrypto` | `GOFIPS=0` | Compliant | Crypto usage is not FIPS compliant. The app attempts to disable FIPS mode and panics if it isn't possible. |
| `GOEXPERIMENT=systemcrypto` | `GO_OPENSSL_VERSION_OVERRIDE=1.1.1k-fips` | Compliant | Can be used to create a compliant app. If the app is built for Linux, `systemcrypto` chooses `opensslcrypto`, and the environment variable causes it to load `libcrypto.so.1.1.1k-fips` instead of using the automatic search behavior. This environment variable has no effect with `cngcrypto`. |

> | `GOEXPERIMENT=systemcrypto` and `-tags=requirefips` | Default | Compliant | Can be used to create a compliant app. The behavior is the same as `GOFIPS=1`, but no runtime configuration is necessary. See [the `requirefips` section](#build-option-to-require-fips-mode) for more information on when this "locked-in" approach may be useful rather than the flexible approach. |

Reviewer: Think we should list the `allowcryptofallback` case here. Customers found it before, they'll find it again, best to acknowledge the combo exists and call it out as explicitly not compliant.

Author: It actually is compliant if used correctly, it just introduces risk. In any case, sure, adding.

Author: I put it into its own table at the end of this section instead to provide a little more context.

| Build-time config | Runtime config | Behavior |
| --- | --- | --- |
| `GOEXPERIMENT=systemcrypto` and `-tags=requirefips` | `GOFIPS=0` | The app panics due to the conflict between build-time and runtime configuration. |
| `-tags=requirefips` | | The build fails. A crypto backend must be specified to enable FIPS features. |
| `GOEXPERIMENT=cngcrypto,opensslcrypto` | | The build fails. Only one crypto backend can be enabled at a time. |
| `GOOS=linux CGO_ENABLED=0 GOEXPERIMENT=systemcrypto` | | The build fails. Cgo is required to use the OpenSSL backend. |

## Usage: Build

The `GOEXPERIMENT` environment variable is used at build time to select a cryptographic library backend. This modifies the Go runtime included in the program to use the specified platform-provided cryptographic library whenever it calls a Go standard library crypto API. The `GOEXPERIMENT` values that pick a crypto backend are:

- *Recommended:* `systemcrypto` automatically selects the suggested crypto backend for the target platform
  > Prior to Go 1.21, this alias is not available and the backend must be selected manually
- `opensslcrypto` selects OpenSSL, for Linux
- `cngcrypto` selects CNG, for Windows

> - `boringcrypto` selects the upstream BoringCrypto backend, which is **not supported**

Reviewer: Consider `not supported nor compliant`. Above we use compliant but here supported. Should enforce that it's not supported nor is it compliant

- If no option is selected, Go standard library cryptography is used.

The options are exclusive and must not be enabled at the same time as one another.

`systemcrypto` matches the internal Microsoft crypto policy for Go:

| Target platform | `systemcrypto` selection | Library |
| --- | --- | --- |
| Linux | `opensslcrypto` | OpenSSL |

> | Windows | `cngcrypto` | CNG |

Reviewer: Consider adding a line for Mac stating it's not supported for completeness.

The `GOEXPERIMENT` environment variable is used at build time to select a cryptographic library backend. This modifies the Go runtime included in the program to use the specified platform-provided cryptographic library whenever it calls a Go standard library crypto API. The `GOEXPERIMENT` values that pick a crypto backend are:

> - *Recommended:* `systemcrypto` automatically selects the crypto backend we suggest for the target platform

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- *Recommended:* `systemcrypto` automatically selects the suggested crypto backend for the target platform
```

Reviewer: Do we ever explicitly state that `systemcrypto` selects OpenSSL for Linux, CNG for windows, etc ... We give a few examples but there isn't really a full table that says what combo of values selects which crypto libraries. I was wondering if we should have something like 

|Target Platform| systemcrypto mapping | library |
| -- | -- | --| 
| Linux | opensslcrypto | OpenSSL |
| Windows | cngcrypto | Windows |

It's fairly implicit though so not sure if it's needed

Author: Hmm, yeah, the "we suggest" was meant to point to the Microsoft fork/project doing the suggesting (rather than upstream Go, which suggests using none of these 😄) but this isn't a great way to convey that. I like the idea of trying out a table. I think it would be good to mention that the mapping matches the internal crypto library usage policy requirements for Go. I'm thinking of even dropping the somewhat vague "recommend" term, which I think raises questions about why it's a recommendation (and is it *just* a recommendation?).

> Unlike `opensslcrypto`, a Windows program built with `cngcrypto` doesn't include the ability to enable/disable FIPS, only ensure it's enabled. Windows FIPS mode is not a per-process setting, and changing it may require elevated permissions. Adding this feature would likely have unintended consequences.

## Usage: Extra configuration options

> ### Enable FIPS mode at compile time

Reviewer: Enable or requires?

Author: I struggled with this header. 😄 I started with "Require FIPS mode at compile time", but I see that as saying the *compilation environment* is what should run in FIPS mode. "Enable FIPS mode" seemed a little better because it uses the terms set up in the previous section ("enable FIPS mode" could mean "GOFIPS=1"), but it's not really any good, seeing it again now. I think this fixes it:

```suggestion
### Build option to require FIPS mode
```

## Changelog

This list of major changes is intended for quick reference and for access to historical information about versions that are no longer supported. The behavior of all in-support versions are documented in the sections above with notes for version-specific differences where necessary.

### Go 1.21 (Aug 2023)

- Removes automatic Go standard library crypto fallback. If a crypto backend is selected but isn't supported, the build fails. Before 1.21, the build automatically uses the Go standard library crypto implementation, which may not be clear.
- Adds [`systemcrypto` experiment alias](#usage-build).
- Adds [`requirefips` build tag](#build-option-to-require-fips-mode).
- Adds [`allowcryptofallback` experiment](#build-option-to-allow-go-standard-library-crypto-fallback).

### Go 1.20.6 and 1.19.11 (Jul 2023)

- When multiple versions of OpenSSL are present on the machine at runtime, a version with FIPS mode enabled now has higher priority than others. [microsoft/go-crypto-openssl@v0.2.8](https://github.com/microsoft/go-crypto-openssl/releases/tag/v0.2.8)

> ### Go 1.19 (Aug 2022)

Reviewer 2: Worth noting that the CNG backend was introduced in Go 1.19
